When you're working in a technological field, you can be faced with lots
of self-doubt about how good you are. I don't know as much computer
science as I should. I don't know how to program as well as I want.
I'm studying nuclear technology but it seems everybody around me
knows more than me. So, how do I handle those situations? I faced all
of those situations that I just told you, myself and number one, you
just have to realize that you're smarter than you know. I hear that
a lot but you should realize that the military will give you all
of the training that you need to be successful in your job. Otherwise,
they won't let you work. Otherwise, they won't let you put people's
lives in danger. So, just understand that you probably will not be
put in a demanding watch or job without the right tools. Besides that
though, let's say you just want to, you know, be promoted in your
career and that really does, it really does matter whether you know
your job very well or whether you just know it so so. And in that
case, pick up your nearest book and if you haven't really studied in
high school or in you're youth that much, then now is the time during
this job, during your technological job or during your military job
to actually do your homework. If you don't do your homework and you
don't know your job well, then you're at fault for not being promoted
as you should. So, try to pick a book and learn a little bit.